All the files needed for the back-end part of the project that inputs the data from the application form into the database. Let me start off by saying if you have any problems, message the discord or e-mail me and I'll try and help out. First time using spring boot so working out the kinks myself.

The pom.xml file has all the dependencies that are injected into the program, which makes it much easier to build.

To get the program to run, it needs to be imported as a maven project. I have been using IntelliJ, but I believe if you use "Open Project From the File System" in Eclipse, it will automatically detect it as a maven build. Running in Eclipse or IntelliJ will start the program on port 8080, as long as you don't already have a process listening on that port.

You may have to create a mysql database locally and change the application.properties file in src/main/resources to reflect that. You only need to create the database, and a user that has privileges for the DB. No need to configure tables and columns, the spring boot app will do that on its own. 

If you want to input data into the database, use what I pasted below. You can change the values to fit what you want. I believe the parent e-mail you enter will receieve an e-mail if the data below is submitted successfully. If you want to retrieve all info in the DB, use "curl localhost:8080/application/all"

curl localhost:8080/application/submit -d fName=Molly -d lName=Smith -d address=15_Smith_Street -d city=Charleston -d state=SC -d zipCode=29401 -d phoneNumber=5551234567 -d dateOfBirth=10112007 -d age=12 -d ethnicity=Caucasian -d allergies=none -d medications=none -d parentsCollege=Yes -d militaryRelatives=no -d fallSchool=Berkeley -d risingGradeLevel=9th -d collegeOfInterest=Clemson -d shirtSize=Medium -d parentFName=Oliver -d parentLName=Smith -d parentEMail=matthewhunt25559@my.tridenttech.edu -d parentAddress=15_Smith_Street -d parentCity=Charleston -d parentState=SC -d parentZipCode=29401 -d parentMobilePhone=5551234567 -d parentWorkPhone=1234567890 -d parentHomePhone=1234567890 -d otherParentFName=Alyssa -d otherParentLName=Smith -d contactName=Jacob_deGrom -d relationship=Cy_Young -d contactAddress=2_Cy_Young_Way -d contactCity=Flushing -d contactState=NY -d contactZipCode=31205 -d contactMobilePhone=1234567890 -d contactWorkPhone=1234567890 -d contactInitials=JD
